So, we went over the, the-
>> SIP and the protocols.
>> SIP and the protocols,
or the operations of SIP.
Now, we're gonna go into a kind
of one little layer lower, right?
Kinda talking about some of the elements
that make up the network or
the SIP operations that
you're gonna be using.
So, you can see up on the screen or
on your slides right there.
We have these six kind of elements
that make up what we're doing.
Now, There are more.
But these are kind of the ones that
we thought would be more interesting.
So, we're gonna kinda just briefly
go over these things, right?
So, user agent, proxy server.
What is all these stuff?
Registrar, redirect server,
session border control, and the gateway.
Now, you'll kinda see, this is kinda cool,
what it leads into but you'll see.
So, user agent, what is a user agent?
The user agent, first of the network
elements that we're going to talk about,
is essentially the object that
manages your SIP session.
Now, I'm not gonna go too
in depth about this, but
that's pretty much the gist of it.
It controls all the functions that you
would implement that essentially makes
your SIP session Kind of similar to
what a phone call would be like.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
So, that's enough about the user agent.
You have a proxy server.
The proxy server, interesting little
thing about the proxy server, and
I have a little animation or.
Something after this.
But it's the intermediate or
intermediary object or
entity in between you and
the person you're trying to connect with.
>> Yeah, in between the end points.
>> In between the two end points,
there you go.
Yeah, so proxy servers in a lot of cases,
for instance
imagine you were a You are, you're
a subscriber to a telephone company or
a cell phone company and
you didn't pay your bill, right?
Well, you're trying to call so-and-so and
the proxy server's not gonna let
you because you didn't pay Pay your bill,
right?
So, it's kind of like that intermediary
buffer, in a lot of cases that's
what's happening, like that's how
the control is maintained is.
>> Right.
>> Through these proxy servers.
They're also used to protect people too,
so I mean like, there's lots of uses for
them, you can look up online.
>> Yeah, probably like,
maybe like call blocking.
>> Call blocking, lots of stuff like that.
But, yeah, so in short,
you can kinda see up there,
ensure request is sent to another
entity closer to target user.
Now, that's kinda like
the routing of the proxy servers.
Now let's see this alimentation we have
here, all right so we have Alice and
Bob Alice wants to call Bob, so Alice
says, ask Bob what the current time is.
Goes to the proxy server and
the proxy servers says,
Bob, what's the current time?
And then Bob says, the time is 7 PM.
We'll go through the proxy server and
then the proxy says, oh,
Bob says the time is 7 PM.
So, you can kind of get the picture of
what the proxy server is doing there.
>> Right.
[COUGH] Excuse me, sorry.
>> Yeah.
[LAUGH] Yeah,
so you kinda get the picture what
the box server's doing there.
>> Yeah, it's a good inter-.
>> Intermediary.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Yeah, intermediate.
>> Intermediary.
All right, cool.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah,
so next element that we
have is the registrar.
The registrar is a SIP endpoint.
And it accept the REGISTER requests.
So, you register say your username or
whatever.
It accepts the request from you.
If for instance you're not
registered with registrar.
Well, then there is an issue.
So, then you might need to
register with the Registrar and
then in which case then it has your
information and so on and so forth.
Right?
So, this is just another piece of SIP.
Next element is redirect server.
So, I'm just gonna read this.
Redirect server allows proxy
servers to direct SIP sessions
Invitation to external domains.
Right?
So,
you can kind of follow the chart up there.
Not so easy to follow.
But this is off of Wikipedia.
I'd recommend checking it out,
going down to.
Just clicking on the little sub-link for
redirect server if you
wanna know more about this.
So, not such a super big deal for
at least what we're gonna be working on.
But, thought it was a little bit
interesting when it gets to a more
intricate system.
Now, [CROSSTALK] Gateway in
particular is what I like.
But yeah, these are the last two elements.
Now, you have the session border
controller, which I'm just gonna read,
exerts control over VoIP signaling,
setup during and tear down.
So the border controller is essentially
kind of monitoring all of this and
yeah, so
the border controller's essentially
monitoring all of this and
making sure that everything's going right.
Nothing's going out of bounds or
maybe not losing stuff, things like that.
>> Exactly.
Then the last one is the gateway.
The gateway we've talked about.
You know the PSTN, the public switch
telephone network, that's a gateway.
So, this basically takes you
from your SIP network to
the public switch telephone network and
backwards, right?
>> Yeah.
You know how we mentioned if you're on
the VoIP network, or on the Internet, how
are you gonna call someone on the local
landline or on the telephone network?
And that's what the gateways are for.
>> Yeah and
SIP has all this integrated into it,
so that's why it's such a strong
>> You know and
prominent protocol to use in using VoIP.
>> In using VoIP, yeah.
>> Anyways, I hope that wasn't
too confusing or too bad.
We just wanted to walk you through some
interesting things that we found and
hopefully you found it useful as well.
We will see you in the next videos,
and stay tuned.